Replace informal usage of hyphens with more appropriate formatting (#7376)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Score/osu!taiko/en.md

For shaker notes, each shake gives 300 and finishing the shaker gives score twice as much as a GREAT of the current combo.

> A typical value of `n` (4.5-5 star difficulties in old 5 star ratings system) is 80, which gives a maximum score of 1,100/2,200 at 100 combo and later combos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical value of `n` (4.5–5-star difficulties in the old 5-star rating system) is 80, which gives a maximum score of 1,100/2,200 at 100 combo and later combos.
```

> For 4–4.5 star difficulties, `n` is equal to 64 in which the maximum score per hit is 940/1,880.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For 4–4.5-star difficulties, `n` is equal to 64 in which the maximum score per hit is 940/1,880.
```
